Ali
I split my jade pendant in half
So that you can be picked up by your respective parents
I can find you when I grow up
You will marry me then
Fine! When I grow up, I want to marry my brother!
But the dean said
I was abandoned in an orphanage by my mother
Will he come to me?
Sure it will
No mother doesn't love her child
What? Your birth parents are here to pick you up
Come with me, come, go, go
elder brother
Wow brother
Ali
Ah brother
Ali, he will definitely come to marry you when he passes me
That's impossible.
He hit you?
President, you just took over the Shen Group
Become the world's first
Why go to that small city in Haicheng?
15 years ago, I promised a daughter
I will definitely go back to pick her up.
He is my wife.
Ali
I'm coming to get you.
Brother Mo never came back to find me
Must be busy with his own business
I'm going to find my mother first
Come back and wait for Brother Mo
What a big formation
It seems which adult it should be
My brothers and sisters will have a happy family again